Lucifer Morningstar : People don't arrive broken. They start with passion and yearning till something comes along that disabuses them of those notions.Lucifer Morningstar : What do you say, Sam? A fiddle of gold against your soul says I'm better than you.Mazikeen Smith : Sometimes you have to accept when someone doesn't feel the same way about you.
Ella Lopez : Whenever I'm procrastinating on something, I make an appointment for myself to do it. That way, can't back out. Like, for example, when I had to ask my landlord permission to get Bob, literally put it on my calendar.
Chloe Decker : When you have children, you always have family. They will always be your priority, your responsibility. And a man, a man provides. And he does it even when he's not appreciated or respected or even loved. He simply bears up and he does it. Because he's a man.Cain : If it were that easy to kill me, I'd have been dead a long time ago!Lee : Not much. Just that he seems like a really scary, powerful guy.
Lee : Not much. Just that he seems like a really scary, powerful guy.Mazikeen Smith : Sometimes you have to accept when someone doesn't feel the same way about you.Lucifer Morningstar : Just whenever you're faced with a choice, ask yourself the question:WWLD? What would Lucifer do?
Chloe Decker : It's really not a good day for…your…Luciferness.Chloe Decker : Why don't you tell me something? How did she end up dying in a hailstorm of bullets and you get away without a scratch? I think that's interesting, don't you?Linda Martin : When angels fall, they also… rise.
Lucifer Morningstar : My mum's gonna kill me. And before you say it, that's not a metaphor. She's literally going to kill me. She's not the forgiving type.Lucifer Morningstar : People don't have power over us. We give it to them.Lucifer Morningstar : Lately I've been thinking. Do you think I'm the Devil because I'm inherently evil, or just because dear ol' dad decided I was?
Lucifer Morningstar : What do you say, Sam? A fiddle of gold against your soul says I'm better than you.Ella Lopez : I mean, God works in mysterious ways. So you just got to believe that when He crushes your nuts, He does it for a reason.Lucifer Morningstar : All my time with Dr. Linda has been about exploring the denial that I'm in, but I've overcome that now, I've had an honest-to-Devil epiphany. Now all my problems should just, you know, go away.
Chloe Decker : Why don't you tell me something? How did she end up dying in a hailstorm of bullets and you get away without a scratch? I think that's interesting, don't you?Lucifer Morningstar : That tingling sensation running up your spine… inevitability. And the bit running down your leg? Fear.Dan Espinoza : But I never told you what I want. I want you. All in. The whole deal. So there.
Lucifer Morningstar : I'm like walking heroin, very habit forming. It never ends well.Lucifer Morningstar : You see, what I hate more than anything is a liar. A charlatan. Someone who doesn't believe in what they say.
Amenadiel : You sure you don't want to chase after her? Maybe I can ask Father for some rain and make it a moment.Lucifer Morningstar : No, of course not. I detest the little creatures. And I'd certainly never put one in my mouth.Lucifer Morningstar : People don't arrive broken. They start with passion and yearning till something comes along that disabuses them of those notions.
Chloe Decker : Lucifer Morningstar. Is that a stage name or something?Amenadiel : You sure you don't want to chase after her? Maybe I can ask Father for some rain and make it a moment.Ella Lopez : You know, joining each other at crime scenes, bantering over dead bodies. And where does that leave you, right?
Lucifer Morningstar : Ah, well, no need to thank me for my heroism. Well, maybe just a little. No one's stopping you.Linda Martin : There's a good chance this thing might come out of me with wings. Wings!Lucifer Morningstar : Lately I've been thinking. Do you think I'm the Devil because I'm inherently evil, or just because dear ol' dad decided I was?
Lucifer Morningstar : Always gratifying to find out that one's nemesis is altogether lacking in style.Amenadiel : Well, who wouldn't want to be with their greatest desire?Linda Martin : I find that people make Los Angeles their home for one of two reasons. Either they're running from something, or looking for something.
Amenadiel : You sure you don't want to chase after her? Maybe I can ask Father for some rain and make it a moment.Chloe Decker : Immortality? Mm. Of course. Uh…you spell that with one or two "m"s? I always forget.Linda Martin : When angels fall, they also… rise.
Lucifer Morningstar : The Devil gets burned by fire. Could this be any more ironic?Lucifer Morningstar : When in doubt, go with the classics. That's what I always say.Lucifer Morningstar : The Devil gets burned by fire. Could this be any more ironic?
Lucifer Morningstar : I mean if all the apples are bad...maybe it's the tree that's the problem.Lucifer Morningstar : If you truly worship the dollar, then I'm your ticket to divinity.Eve : When the devil walks the earth and meets his first love; means you consider me to be your... first love. Ergo! You love me.
Amenadiel : Well, who wouldn't want to be with their greatest desire?Dan Espinoza : I'm trying to say this from a constructive place. I can feel your negative vibrations from across the room, man.Amenadiel : What about the name Zoriel? That's a good name for a warrior. We can call him Zori for short. Or Ezekiel. Zek.
Lucifer Morningstar : Miracles aren't my thing, but I'm sure we can come to an arrangement.Lucifer Morningstar : Always gratifying to find out that one's nemesis is altogether lacking in style.Dan Espinoza : Classic Chloe. Only you would make a point of remembering the exact amount of time you can't remember.
Ella Lopez : I mean, God works in mysterious ways. So you just got to believe that when He crushes your nuts, He does it for a reason.Lucifer Morningstar : A deal's a deal, especially one with the Devil.
Ella Lopez : Whenever I'm procrastinating on something, I make an appointment for myself to do it. That way, can't back out. Like, for example, when I had to ask my landlord permission to get Bob, literally put it on my calendar.Dan Espinoza : Say you fall in love with a woman who has a cat. What are you gonna do? You accept the cat.Linda Martin : I find that people make Los Angeles their home for one of two reasons. Either they're running from something, or looking for something.
Linda Martin : When angels fall, they also… rise.Chloe Decker : You know, if you spent as much time appealing to suspects as you do annoying me, things might go a lot faster.Eve : Anybody worth dating should understand everything that makes you… you.
Ella Lopez : Whenever I'm procrastinating on something, I make an appointment for myself to do it. That way, can't back out. Like, for example, when I had to ask my landlord permission to get Bob, literally put it on my calendar.Lucifer Morningstar : If it makes you comfy, you could call me God.Eve : When the devil walks the earth and meets his first love; means you consider me to be your... first love. Ergo! You love me.
Lucifer Morningstar : Look, people like you. they find you helpful, like duct tape or a trusty socket wrench.Lucifer Morningstar : A deal's a deal, especially one with the Devil.Lucifer Morningstar : No, of course not. I detest the little creatures. And I'd certainly never put one in my mouth.
Lucifer Morningstar : A deal's a deal, especially one with the Devil.Lucifer Morningstar : Desire shouldn't be contained, it's unnatural.Lucifer Morningstar : Desire shouldn't be contained, it's unnatural.
Lucifer Morningstar : Look, people like you. they find you helpful, like duct tape or a trusty socket wrench.Lucifer Morningstar : My mum's gonna kill me. And before you say it, that's not a metaphor. She's literally going to kill me. She's not the forgiving type.Chloe Decker : When you have children, you always have family. They will always be your priority, your responsibility. And a man, a man provides. And he does it even when he's not appreciated or respected or even loved. He simply bears up and he does it. Because he's a man.
Linda Martin : I find that people make Los Angeles their home for one of two reasons. Either they're running from something, or looking for something.Amenadiel : Those wings out there in the human world, Luci, they're too powerful. A piece of divinity.Chloe Decker : Immortality? Mm. Of course. Uh…you spell that with one or two "m"s? I always forget.
Lucifer Morningstar : If you truly worship the dollar, then I'm your ticket to divinity.Chloe Decker : We can't control what happens to us, only how it affects us and the choices we make.Linda Martin : Sometimes we need to lose something before we can understand its value.
Lucifer Morningstar : Just whenever you're faced with a choice, ask yourself the question:WWLD? What would Lucifer do?Lucifer Morningstar : All my time with Dr. Linda has been about exploring the denial that I'm in, but I've overcome that now, I've had an honest-to-Devil epiphany. Now all my problems should just, you know, go away.Lucifer Morningstar : If you truly worship the dollar, then I'm your ticket to divinity.
Lucifer Morningstar : If it makes you comfy, you could call me God.Lucifer Morningstar : Hell truly hath no fury like a woman scorned.
Lee : Not much. Just that he seems like a really scary, powerful guy.Lucifer Morningstar : No, of course not. I detest the little creatures. And I'd certainly never put one in my mouth.Ella Lopez : You know, joining each other at crime scenes, bantering over dead bodies. And where does that leave you, right?
Lucifer Morningstar : The best thing to do is always to follow your greatest desire.Lucifer Morningstar : Trust me, a church confessional has nothing compared to pillow talk.Amenadiel : No matter how bad things get, the true test is how we choose to respond to the pain we suffer, or inflict.
Ella Lopez : It's always the ones you least suspect, the ones you trust the most, that hurt you. They wait until your guard is down and then wham! In my case, it was tequila.Father Frank : We might not always understand it, but God has a plan.Lucifer Morningstar : The best thing to do is always to follow your greatest desire.
Eve : When the devil walks the earth and meets his first love; means you consider me to be your... first love. Ergo! You love me.Lucifer Morningstar : Just whenever you're faced with a choice, ask yourself the question:WWLD? What would Lucifer do?Lucifer Morningstar : If it makes you comfy, you could call me God.
Mazikeen Smith : I got paid as a bounty hunter. Hunting humans is a job! Who knew?Lucifer Morningstar : Yeah, well, our Father's been disrespecting me since the beginning of time, so pot-kettle, don't you think?Lucifer Morningstar : I love LA. Even the homeless have an IMDB page.
Trixie : My name's Beatrice but everybody calls me Trixie.Lucifer Morningstar : Detective Decker is out there protecting them. She is...truly good.Amenadiel : Well, who wouldn't want to be with their greatest desire?
Lucifer Morningstar : If it makes you comfy, you could call me God.Lucifer Morningstar : Yeah, well, our Father's been disrespecting me since the beginning of time, so pot-kettle, don't you think?Linda Martin : I find people who are rude usually feel powerless in their own lives. Terrified of not being in control.
Lucifer Morningstar : People don't have power over us. We give it to them.Dan Espinoza : Say you fall in love with a woman who has a cat. What are you gonna do? You accept the cat.Linda Martin : Oh, right. The Eve, from the Garden of Eden. I mean, I am carrying an angel baby. I guess this is just a normal Tuesday for me now.
Lucifer Morningstar : People sometimes kill the people with whom they're in love. The heart's mysterious.Linda Martin : Sometimes we need to lose something before we can understand its value.Dan Espinoza : My life imploded because of you. My marriage, my Job, my snacks. I know you ate my pudding. It was labelled!
Chloe Decker : When you have children, you always have family. They will always be your priority, your responsibility. And a man, a man provides. And he does it even when he's not appreciated or respected or even loved. He simply bears up and he does it. Because he's a man.Chloe Decker : Immortality? Mm. Of course. Uh…you spell that with one or two "m"s? I always forget.Chloe Decker : You know, if you spent as much time appealing to suspects as you do annoying me, things might go a lot faster.
Lucifer Morningstar : People don't arrive broken. They start with passion and yearning till something comes along that disabuses them of those notions.Lucifer Morningstar : All my time with Dr. Linda has been about exploring the denial that I'm in, but I've overcome that now, I've had an honest-to-Devil epiphany. Now all my problems should just, you know, go away.
Lucifer Morningstar : Look, people like you. they find you helpful, like duct tape or a trusty socket wrench.Lucifer Morningstar : I refuse to be a scapegoat for which something I bear no responsibility. It’s a theme in my life.Chloe Decker : Why don't you tell me something? How did she end up dying in a hailstorm of bullets and you get away without a scratch? I think that's interesting, don't you?
Lucifer Morningstar : Detective Decker is out there protecting them. She is...truly good.Chloe Decker : When you have children, you always have family. They will always be your priority, your responsibility. And a man, a man provides. And he does it even when he's not appreciated or respected or even loved. He simply bears up and he does it. Because he's a man.Lucifer Morningstar : You see, what I hate more than anything is a liar. A charlatan. Someone who doesn't believe in what they say.
Lucifer Morningstar : I love LA. Even the homeless have an IMDB page.Lucifer Morningstar : I want you to teach me your secret. I want you to show me how to be a tool.Lucifer Morningstar : Just whenever you're faced with a choice, ask yourself the question:WWLD? What would Lucifer do?
Ella Lopez : Whenever I'm procrastinating on something, I make an appointment for myself to do it. That way, can't back out. Like, for example, when I had to ask my landlord permission to get Bob, literally put it on my calendar.Lucifer Morningstar : That tingling sensation running up your spine… inevitability. And the bit running down your leg? Fear.Lucifer Morningstar : Always gratifying to find out that one's nemesis is altogether lacking in style.
Ella Lopez : It's always the ones you least suspect, the ones you trust the most, that hurt you. They wait until your guard is down and then wham! In my case, it was tequila.Lucifer Morningstar : Well, that is a shame. 'Cause you and my backside used to get on very well.Lucifer Morningstar : Trust me, a church confessional has nothing compared to pillow talk.
Lucifer Morningstar : If it makes you comfy, you could call me God.Dan Espinoza : Say you fall in love with a woman who has a cat. What are you gonna do? You accept the cat.Lucifer Morningstar : My mum's gonna kill me. And before you say it, that's not a metaphor. She's literally going to kill me. She's not the forgiving type.
Lucifer Morningstar : As though I wanted people to suffer. All I ever wanted was to be my own man here.Father Frank : We might not always understand it, but God has a plan.Lucifer Morningstar : The Devil gets burned by fire. Could this be any more ironic?
Lucifer Morningstar : A deal's a deal, especially one with the Devil.Lucifer Morningstar : People sometimes kill the people with whom they're in love. The heart's mysterious.Trixie : My name's Beatrice but everybody calls me Trixie.
Father Frank : We might not always understand it, but God has a plan.Lucifer Morningstar : Well, that is a shame. 'Cause you and my backside used to get on very well.Lucifer Morningstar : People don't arrive broken. They start with passion and yearning till something comes along that disabuses them of those notions.
Lucifer Morningstar : Yeah, well, our Father's been disrespecting me since the beginning of time, so pot-kettle, don't you think?Cain : If it were that easy to kill me, I'd have been dead a long time ago!
Cain : If it were that easy to kill me, I'd have been dead a long time ago!Mazikeen Smith : I got paid as a bounty hunter. Hunting humans is a job! Who knew?Lucifer Morningstar : What do you say, Sam? A fiddle of gold against your soul says I'm better than you.
Lucifer Morningstar : No, of course not. I detest the little creatures. And I'd certainly never put one in my mouth.Lucifer Morningstar : People sometimes kill the people with whom they're in love. The heart's mysterious.Lucifer Morningstar : As though I wanted people to suffer. All I ever wanted was to be my own man here.
Dan Espinoza : But I never told you what I want. I want you. All in. The whole deal. So there.Chloe Decker : Immortality? Mm. Of course. Uh…you spell that with one or two "m"s? I always forget.Chloe Decker : It's really not a good day for…your…Luciferness.
Lucifer Morningstar : That tingling sensation running up your spine… inevitability. And the bit running down your leg? Fear.Lucifer Morningstar : Well, that is a shame. 'Cause you and my backside used to get on very well.Ella Lopez : It's always the ones you least suspect, the ones you trust the most, that hurt you. They wait until your guard is down and then wham! In my case, it was tequila.
Lucifer Morningstar : Ah, well, no need to thank me for my heroism. Well, maybe just a little. No one's stopping you.Lucifer Morningstar : If you truly worship the dollar, then I'm your ticket to divinity.Ella Lopez : I mean, God works in mysterious ways. So you just got to believe that when He crushes your nuts, He does it for a reason.
Linda Martin : When angels fall, they also… rise.Eve : Anybody worth dating should understand everything that makes you… you.Trixie : My name's Beatrice but everybody calls me Trixie.
Lucifer Morningstar : I love LA. Even the homeless have an IMDB page.Lucifer Morningstar : Trust me, a church confessional has nothing compared to pillow talk.Lucifer Morningstar : What happens in Heaven, stays in Heaven.
Dan Espinoza : No one expects you to change overnight. It's hard to be one of the good guys. Look, I screw up, too. I've made plenty of mistakes believe me. But I don't quit… and I know that counts for something. At least you're trying, right?Lucifer Morningstar : I'm like walking heroin, very habit forming. It never ends well.Dan Espinoza : But I never told you what I want. I want you. All in. The whole deal. So there.
Lucifer Morningstar : When in doubt, go with the classics. That's what I always say.Father Frank : We might not always understand it, but God has a plan.
Linda Martin : I find people who are rude usually feel powerless in their own lives. Terrified of not being in control.Linda Martin : When angels fall, they also… rise.Mazikeen Smith : I got paid as a bounty hunter. Hunting humans is a job! Who knew?
Lucifer Morningstar : What happens in Heaven, stays in Heaven.Lucifer Morningstar : You people misunderstand me. You call me Satan and Devil but… do you know my crime? I loved God too much. And for that he betrayed me — punished me.Lucifer Morningstar : This poor saps either already in Heck or in the "Silver City, enduring Uriel welcome speech, which is far worse than Heck, if you ask me.
Chloe Decker : Immortality? Mm. Of course. Uh…you spell that with one or two "m"s? I always forget.Lucifer Morningstar : Ah, well, no need to thank me for my heroism. Well, maybe just a little. No one's stopping you.Lucifer Morningstar : This poor saps either already in Heck or in the "Silver City, enduring Uriel welcome speech, which is far worse than Heck, if you ask me.
Lucifer Morningstar : I am a Devil of my word.Linda Martin : I find people who are rude usually feel powerless in their own lives. Terrified of not being in control.Mazikeen Smith : I got paid as a bounty hunter. Hunting humans is a job! Who knew?
Lucifer Morningstar : I can't go downstairs, Detective. Between my sunglasses, scarf and gloves, I'll look like Stevie Wonder on a snow day.
Amenadiel : Those wings out there in the human world, Luci, they're too powerful. A piece of divinity.
Eve : Anybody worth dating should understand everything that makes you… you.
Lucifer Morningstar : Detective Decker is out there protecting them. She is...truly good.
Lucifer Morningstar : I can't go downstairs, Detective. Between my sunglasses, scarf and gloves, I'll look like Stevie Wonder on a snow day.
Lucifer Morningstar : You people misunderstand me. You call me Satan and Devil but… do you know my crime? I loved God too much. And for that he betrayed me — punished me.
Lucifer Morningstar : I can't go downstairs, Detective. Between my sunglasses, scarf and gloves, I'll look like Stevie Wonder on a snow day.
Lucifer Morningstar : Well, that is a shame. 'Cause you and my backside used to get on very well.
Ella Lopez : You know, joining each other at crime scenes, bantering over dead bodies. And where does that leave you, right?
Lucifer Morningstar : Desire shouldn't be contained, it's unnatural.
Amenadiel : What about the name Zoriel? That's a good name for a warrior. We can call him Zori for short. Or Ezekiel. Zek.
Lucifer Morningstar : Always gratifying to find out that one's nemesis is altogether lacking in style.
Lucifer Morningstar : People sometimes kill the people with whom they're in love. The heart's mysterious.
Lucifer Morningstar : Just whenever you're faced with a choice, ask yourself the question:WWLD? What would Lucifer do?
Dan Espinoza: Classic Chloe. Only you would make a point of remembering the exact amount of time you can't remember.
Lucifer Morningstar: I mean if all the apples are bad...maybe it's the tree that's the problem.
Lucifer Morningstar: Lately I've been thinking. Do you think I'm the Devil because I'm inherently evil, or just because dear ol' dad decided I was?
Ella Lopez: It's always the ones you least suspect, the ones you trust the most, that hurt you. They wait until your guard is down and then wham! In my case, it was tequila.
Lucifer Morningstar: I refuse to be a scapegoat for which something I bear no responsibility. It’s a theme in my life.
Lucifer Morningstar: Hell truly hath no fury like a woman scorned.
Lucifer Morningstar: All my time with Dr. Linda has been about exploring the denial that I'm in, but I've overcome that now, I've had an honest-to-Devil epiphany. Now all my problems should just, you know, go away.
Amenadiel: No matter how bad things get, the true test is how we choose to respond to the pain we suffer, or inflict.
Chloe Decker: It's really not a good day for…your…Luciferness.
Ella Lopez: Whenever I'm procrastinating on something, I make an appointment for myself to do it. That way, can't back out. Like, for example, when I had to ask my landlord permission to get Bob, literally put it on my calendar.
Mazikeen Smith: I got paid as a bounty hunter. Hunting humans is a job! Who knew?
Lucifer Morningstar: Trust me, a church confessional has nothing compared to pillow talk.
Father Frank: We might not always understand it, but God has a plan.
Lucifer Morningstar: My mum's gonna kill me. And before you say it, that's not a metaphor. She's literally going to kill me. She's not the forgiving type.
Linda Martin: There's a good chance this thing might come out of me with wings. Wings!
Chloe Decker: We can't control what happens to us, only how it affects us and the choices we make.
Lee: Not much. Just that he seems like a really scary, powerful guy.
Lucifer Morningstar: I mean if all the apples are bad...maybe it's the tree that's the problem.
Lucifer Morningstar: I refuse to be a scapegoat for which something I bear no responsibility. It’s a theme in my life.
Ella Lopez: You know, joining each other at crime scenes, bantering over dead bodies. And where does that leave you, right?
Lucifer Morningstar: I am a Devil of my word.
Lucifer Morningstar: I refuse to be a scapegoat for which something I bear no responsibility. It’s a theme in my life.
Lucifer Morningstar: That tingling sensation running up your spine… inevitability. And the bit running down your leg? Fear.
Lucifer Morningstar: If you truly worship the dollar, then I'm your ticket to divinity.
Dan Espinoza: I'm trying to say this from a constructive place. I can feel your negative vibrations from across the room, man.
Lucifer Morningstar: All my time with Dr. Linda has been about exploring the denial that I'm in, but I've overcome that now, I've had an honest-to-Devil epiphany. Now all my problems should just, you know, go away.
Lucifer Morningstar: As though I wanted people to suffer. All I ever wanted was to be my own man here.
Lucifer Morningstar: Ah, well, no need to thank me for my heroism. Well, maybe just a little. No one's stopping you.
Lucifer Morningstar: You people misunderstand me. You call me Satan and Devil but… do you know my crime? I loved God too much. And for that he betrayed me — punished me.
Lee: Not much. Just that he seems like a really scary, powerful guy.
Lucifer Morningstar: When in doubt, go with the classics. That's what I always say.
Dan Espinoza: Classic Chloe. Only you would make a point of remembering the exact amount of time you can't remember.
Mazikeen Smith: I got paid as a bounty hunter. Hunting humans is a job! Who knew?
Lucifer Morningstar: As though I wanted people to suffer. All I ever wanted was to be my own man here.
Lucifer Morningstar: I mean if all the apples are bad...maybe it's the tree that's the problem.
Lucifer Morningstar: I mean if all the apples are bad...maybe it's the tree that's the problem.
Linda Martin: Sometimes we need to lose something before we can understand its value.
Lucifer Morningstar: Always gratifying to find out that one's nemesis is altogether lacking in style.
Lucifer Morningstar: If you truly worship the dollar, then I'm your ticket to divinity.
Lucifer Morningstar: I refuse to be a scapegoat for which something I bear no responsibility. It’s a theme in my life.
Lee: Not much. Just that he seems like a really scary, powerful guy.
Eve: When the devil walks the earth and meets his first love; means you consider me to be your... first love. Ergo! You love me.
Ella Lopez: It's always the ones you least suspect, the ones you trust the most, that hurt you. They wait until your guard is down and then wham! In my case, it was tequila.
Linda Martin: I find that people make Los Angeles their home for one of two reasons. Either they're running from something, or looking for something.
Lucifer Morningstar: If you truly worship the dollar, then I'm your ticket to divinity.
Chloe Decker: It's really not a good day for…your…Luciferness.
Lucifer Morningstar: I love LA. Even the homeless have an IMDB page.
Chloe Decker: Why don't you tell me something? How did she end up dying in a hailstorm of bullets and you get away without a scratch? I think that's interesting, don't you?
Mazikeen Smith: I got paid as a bounty hunter. Hunting humans is a job! Who knew?
Ella Lopez: Whenever I'm procrastinating on something, I make an appointment for myself to do it. That way, can't back out. Like, for example, when I had to ask my landlord permission to get Bob, literally put it on my calendar.
Dan Espinoza: I'm trying to say this from a constructive place. I can feel your negative vibrations from across the room, man.
Ella Lopez: You know, joining each other at crime scenes, bantering over dead bodies. And where does that leave you, right?
Linda Martin: Oh, right. The Eve, from the Garden of Eden. I mean, I am carrying an angel baby. I guess this is just a normal Tuesday for me now.
Linda Martin: I find that people make Los Angeles their home for one of two reasons. Either they're running from something, or looking for something.
Lucifer Morningstar: Desire shouldn't be contained, it's unnatural.
Lucifer Morningstar: Well, that is a shame. 'Cause you and my backside used to get on very well.
Lucifer Morningstar: This poor saps either already in Heck or in the "Silver City, enduring Uriel welcome speech, which is far worse than Heck, if you ask me.
Lucifer Morningstar: If you truly worship the dollar, then I'm your ticket to divinity.
Lucifer Morningstar: This poor saps either already in Heck or in the "Silver City, enduring Uriel welcome speech, which is far worse than Heck, if you ask me.
Lucifer Morningstar: Take a swing...you'll have splinters in your stool.
Amenadiel: You sure you don't want to chase after her? Maybe I can ask Father for some rain and make it a moment.
Eve: When the devil walks the earth and meets his first love; means you consider me to be your... first love. Ergo! You love me.
Mazikeen Smith: I got paid as a bounty hunter. Hunting humans is a job! Who knew?
Lucifer Morningstar: What happens in Heaven, stays in Heaven.
Lucifer Morningstar: People sometimes kill the people with whom they're in love. The heart's mysterious.
Chloe Decker: When you have children, you always have family. They will always be your priority, your responsibility. And a man, a man provides. And he does it even when he's not appreciated or respected or even loved. He simply bears up and he does it. Because he's a man.
Lucifer Morningstar: All my time with Dr. Linda has been about exploring the denial that I'm in, but I've overcome that now, I've had an honest-to-Devil epiphany. Now all my problems should just, you know, go away.
Dan Espinoza: No one expects you to change overnight. It's hard to be one of the good guys. Look, I screw up, too. I've made plenty of mistakes believe me. But I don't quit… and I know that counts for something. At least you're trying, right?
Lucifer Morningstar: The Devil gets burned by fire. Could this be any more ironic?
Ella Lopez: Whenever I'm procrastinating on something, I make an appointment for myself to do it. That way, can't back out. Like, for example, when I had to ask my landlord permission to get Bob, literally put it on my calendar.
Cain: If it were that easy to kill me, I'd have been dead a long time ago!
Linda Martin: I find that people make Los Angeles their home for one of two reasons. Either they're running from something, or looking for something.
Chloe Decker: Immortality? Mm. Of course. Uh…you spell that with one or two "m"s? I always forget.
